[Music]
welcome back to let's play out your
fears my name is karsten
so we needed to go look for a boar we
are only at 70 lp
might want to do a bit more
[Music]
let's make another uni bag i think
and let's see
think that's about what we want to do
here
well let's see we haven't made any of
this yet
let's make some of this is that all
paper basically
[Music]
i'll it's just flowers and
oh this count is water
which i need more water
okay let's start now do i have anything
that'll fit
um let's see
i wasn't really paying too much
attention to uh how things might fit
here so we might not be able to
[Applause]
get a good might not be able to get it
to
[Music]
well maybe we can let's see
no not without flipping stuff i think
[Music]
no we won't be able to i think oh well
we're just making it to make it for the
moment oh we get tanning fluid
experience
and uh we'll go ahead and make another
minibag
why not
i wasn't really paying attention to how
those fit um
[Music]
that's okay it doesn't matter i don't
want to spend too much time
now we can do horizontal flips we get
one more use out of three bags
and we're at 94 lp okay let's look for
the cow
the fruit here looks delicious maybe
i'll ask to have a taste
let's see hmm
it doesn't really say where to go
so let's look in the quest book
[Music]
try placing hay in on the pasture
okay so where is the pasture
is it over there
[Music]
let's see if it lets me place hay there
if this is the pasture
[Music]
we get some flowers out of it not sure
where exactly if this is considered the
pasture or
[Music]
maybe i need to explore a bit more maybe
it's outside the east of town
no south south and then west i see
[Music]
a little cow symbol there okay
looks like it's
maybe over this way is that okay that's
the pasture
now we just need to find a way in wait
can i jump oh i can jump
duh
now where there we go look for the big
glowy thing
keep forgetting i can jump
all right hey
all right i'll spread it here and
[Music]
yes we did it the cow came back leah it
really is a gluttonous cow well that's
one problem solved
yeah it is we should go report it right
away
all right those are some no that must be
a sheep
but still the cows look pretty weird
no they're that's what the cows look
like too
okay if you say so i don't think that
looks much like a cow but
if you say so now what is that person
over there doing
you need to defeat ponies and rabbits
grab a couple more flowers
ah that would be a merchant i guess
[Music]
i've restocked my merchandise that ran
out please feel free to buy them you
have a voice
which one will you buy
okay what's the bargain here tall tan
hmm
i don't have that much money
i'm not gonna sell you anything right
waiting for your next now
but why are you voiced
[Music]
i hear poonie
she has a lot of skills now for right
now
i just attack one of the green ponies
you guard and you're gonna do a skill
because you have that rain thing right
1000 shot oh sub weapon
okay that is you know attack is just the
main weapon skills have
sub weapon skills that that's
interesting all right
well for right now just
random arrows on them
yeah kill them all in one shot okay
[Music]
what could be for lunch three more
ponies
i forgot how many things we needed to
defeat for that idea but
we'll just fight some more police
oh she has tons of hp that's fine
[Music]
especially should pay more attention to
who's being targeted since she can
one shot them have her take out the ones
at full hp
[Music]
that's one hp left you attacked that one
[Applause]
[Music]
there we go
and let's look around here just a little
bit see if we see anything i'll take
this
else interesting on the way back you
can't eat this even if you're hungry
do you have anything interesting stuck
my merchandise that was running short
you should buy them that's an
interesting voice
sarah man's life
[Music]
oh i see that must teach me stuff but
wood
wood there's wood that's expensive i
cannot afford the wood
and i need um probably more than one
oil tree fruit that's an avocado
[Music]
there's leather i can't afford one of
them anymore
come again we will uh without a campfire
i hope i can get some of those
at some point later
hey it's you fierce it's unusual to see
you outdoors huh no not really
i come outside pretty often to collect
materials what
you collect your materials but isn't it
dangerous with monsters and stuff
well kind of but if it's for the
materials you want you sometimes have to
fight
wow i didn't know it's hard work being
an alchemist
hey in that case i'll give you this do
you like it
isn't it great i picked it up the other
day i thought it might make a good
material for alchemy
think of it as a thank you for showing
me alchemy the other day i hope you can
use it ferris
thanks i bet this will make a great item
right after all it's hand picked from my
tiana selection
take good care of it okay see you later
how much do i have to talk to you to get
you to join my party
nighttime adventures just be careful
where you stand
grab some of this
and come back around here is that that
guy probably isn't here at night
well i'll go gather some stuff up and or
fight some stuff until then
let's look over here see if there's
anything interesting in this corner
no of course not
yeah let's just go over there this is
interesting
[Music]
now it's daytime
glance down here oh i think i see wood
useful for traveling and for synthesis
please be wood
it and some water probably yep i wonder
if it's okay
all right now we have some wood finally
what are these
all right now let's go back
[Music]
i think uh his atlear is probably the
closest
i'm getting a little tired but i'm still
fine
fish and clowns things that live in
water are really tasty
hey you better not fade away as i'm
getting close to you
here we go
sir i brought the cow back oh really wow
thank you so much
this is a reward from it i'll be asking
you if anything
happens again
all right with that all of dance tests
are done yeah i wonder if tiana's done
getting rid of the monster
shall we check back at the outlier yeah
he might be back already let's do that
or i could go have to rescue him from
the monster
the way things often go in rpgs i would
not be surprised
hey ferris how are the tasks going i'm
finished
they were a piece of cake how about you
dion i managed to beat the monster
somehow
it was quite a struggle though nice work
you know i was thinking you're pretty
amazing dion huh me amazing
yeah everyone in the village counts in
you so much license committed or as cool
as i thought
oh no i'm not all that really i failed
the exam so many times and just barely
passed in the end too
i'm asked to help with all kinds of
things but i often take too long or make
mistakes
even so if you can manage to solve that
many issues you're plenty amazing
hearing you say that makes me happy oh
right you want my little recommendation
yes
since you helped me out earlier i'll
give a simple assignment
[Music]
dion big trouble there's something wrong
with the windmill huh
what that's strange i just repaired it
okay i'll go right away
sorry you two we'll talk later ah so i
was right we are probably gonna have to
fix the windmill
he's gone again what are you gonna do
this time ferris
hmm let's go to the windmill again there
might be something else i can help with
yep figures at least i know which
windmill it is
unless it's a different one this time
[Music]
dion how's it going with the windmill oh
fierce she decided to come too
about the windmill we're having some
trouble it seems when i repaired it
previously i made the parts wrong
because of that it seems another part
broke as well what should i do
another part too that sounds pretty bad
yeah of course i'll have to remake the
parts
lock together materials for the broken
parts too i brought this upon them if it
can't be helped
dion please leave some to me again i'll
help you with anything i can
first thank you you're a great help all
right
and let's do this did you make the
replacement part for the windmill while
you're doing that i'll get the materials
for the newly broken section
take a part for the windmill right i got
it okay then i'm counting on you
make generic windmill part right
huh come to think of it he didn't teach
me how to make the part
how come he asked me then forget
something like that oh well i'll just
have to think of something myself
all right let's think of recipe for the
windmill parts
maybe the people in the village would
know something
yes that looks done i think i'll go draw
the water okay well you clearly have
nothing to do with what i'm trying to
accomplish here
hopefully whoever i need to talk to us
out at night i get lots of rabbit fur
oh you need three of them okay
those are
oh yes the cows that don't look like
cows at all
[Music]
let's check over on this side of the
village
hmm how to make a gear i bet dion would
know if you could was out here sure you
could at least find some notes
okay well deon sally should
have some clues all right let's go look
in this outlier
it's locked maybe i have to go there
during the day
i guess i'll talk to some other people
in the meantime
[Music]
your merchants
nothing useful you merchant
[Music]
how about you you know anything useful
to say oh troubling
[Music]
okay well let's head back and see if i
can get into his atlea now
grab one of these in the meantime
[Music]
okay notes notes notes notes
no that's a barrel that's not notes
where is notes
[Music]
ah there we go there's a broken gear on
the desk could this be the part for the
windmill
hopefully so
how to make windmill parts
what synthesize planetary gear all right
i do not see a broken gear on the desk
but that's okay
such a nice wind the windmill's spinning
too
yeah seems to be working just fine from
where i'm standing but
that's probably an internal part grab
one of these here whatever this is
okay
[Music]
all right let's make that planetary
to here
oh it's gonna take four of those wood
[Music]
all right two metal in the clay material
should i use
all right actually before i do that
i'm gonna make a pickaxe what material
should i use
[Music]
let's see
and we care about yellow here
this needs oh just one wood okay it
doesn't really matter which of these i
use it looks like
[Music]
and
that's a weird shape any of these that
aren't really stupidly weird shaped
um
what about these those aren't very
helpful
um
[Music]
yeah let's see if we can
all right which catalyst should i use
[Music]
no that won't work um
put that there that one there
material
[Music]
yeah we're not gonna be able to get the
extra quality on it oh well
[Music]
okay breaks rocks
easy to hold magic metal okay
[Music]
now is that something that i only use
once or use multiple
if i'm gonna dig through hard things i
need this a pickaxe
equipping the pickaxe lets you swing
using as your weapon
it has shorter reach than the staff and
takes longer to swing but it can quickly
break hard objects
you can swap between staff and pickaxe
with left right anytime so choose the
best tool for the situation
i haven't really done or took for or yet
but now i can make my mining debut
all right so let's
go to item equip here
uh we don't need that
let's grab another one of these bags
just in case
i might want to use one of those during
a battle
um
[Music]
let's equip that pickaxe there
now let's make that windmill part
planetary gear
okay and uh two of these doesn't matter
what
one of these which catalyst
okay
[Music]
material set materials
looks good
yeah we're not gonna be able to
[Music]
unless we put like this here
right one up there
let me do that one there
goes here that one up there
no unless
[Music]
if we put that one there oh not there
there
why am i doing this this is a quest item
it doesn't matter
[Music]
all right it's going well
i'll put this here yeah if this is a
quest item it doesn't matter
putting way too much effort into that
all right the wind matched i wonder if
tn has finished gathering this materials
already
i don't know for the time may check in
at the atlear
but i'm so close to another alchemy
level
and i could use a bit more lp
what should i make let's see
let's see that um spare backpack
i can make with i need leather
[Applause]
i don't have suspicious liquid for that
i need more honey all right
wait where is where was that
okay i can make some more honey
is this okay which catalyst should i use
time to start the synthesis
i'll put this here materials
we're not going to get anything useful
out of that as far as
using the item oh we got amber sugar xp
now we can make what was that that i was
trying to make
[Music]
where was it puni jelly there we go
what does it do
interesting all right let's
do this
oh let's use the puny fluid because why
[Music]
this looks not
let's see
[Music]
uh no let's
put this one here next no
okay let's start with this one
[Music]
all right
little filling hp recovery hp and every
medium sloppy
[Music]
and we got alchemy level up
i don't think i can no i need two
leather for that
so i need to figure out what i need to
do to get leather
so let's right now let's go to item
equipment
let's put that puny jelly in there
because it sounds useful
leave the others out for the moment
i will leave that in there
no sense leaving stuff out of there i
mean why not okay
however we will turn in the
quest and continue to get the
recommendation next time
we've been reporting for a little over
half an hour hope you enjoy thanks for
watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
furious my name is karsten so we've done
some more alchemy
we've made a gear and hopefully it fits
the windmill
[Music]
the windmill's spinning too all right so
let's go back
over to his atlear
[Music]
ah fierce i have all the materials here
really i'm finished with making my part
too
i see thank you i really mean it all
right then let's get to fixing the
windmill
sorry to trouble you but could you come
to the windmill you can give me the part
there
see you later
[Music]
the fruit here looks delicious maybe
i'll ask to have a taste
run back and forth back and forth
[Music]
yes sorry to ask your help so many times
i'll take the windmill parts for me now
thank you for making the part but really
this might be better than the one i made
anyway off this windmill right away wait
just a bit
should be fine this time for sure nice
work dion were the parts i made all
right
yes perfect sorry it's because i'm
incompetent i troubled you so much
incompetent no way yes way with this too
if i was
if it wasn't for your help i'm not sure
what would have happened however even
some like one like me was able to pass
the exam
i failed so many times but i refused to
give up i studied desperately and
somehow managed it
unlike me you have natural talent ferris
so long as you don't give up
you can certainly pass the exam too
so this is for you
huh is this a letter of recommendation
for the license exam
for helping me out so much here's hoping
for your future well thank you so much
[Music]
i still i'll strive to do better at
alchemy too since i keep needing help
for me this i kept needing help for me
this time someday i'll become an
alchemist you can solve problems on my
own whatever they may be
you do your best on your exam too ferris
i'll be reading you on
yeah let's both do our best dion all
right one down
two to go
all right
so 99 lp left
we need to get leather
[Music]
oh let's try talking to that girl again
i do hope we can unlock fast travel well
no i bet we can
[Music]
if we select there oh no i can't
can't fast travel there i can look at it
[Music]
but i can't travel to it hopefully
that is something we unlock at some
point because it's going to be real
annoying to
have to walk across every place all the
time to go between places
[Music]
maybe i should take a little break oh 97
lp i need to take a break
let's see
let's
hmm
let's keep going east no
you need to resist you can't eat this
even if you're hungry
assuming i can nighttime adventures find
a way
let's go around it this way
so it looks like that might just be a
big loop
well look maybe there's something
interesting around here
[Music]
okay gathered it but how do i fish
thirsty i wonder if it's okay to drink
this
i think it remembers that you can fish
but i guess i have to learn that at some
point
that bird looks ominous
not sure if i want to fight one of those
uh well i guess i will okay let's do it
[Music]
oh okay yeah you're definitely getting
the uh rain of arrows skill
[Music]
thousand shots
okay good you're almost dead
[Music]
that was a tough enemy gold silver
treasure
i don't want to fight none of those
again this might not be a good place for
me right now
let me see if i can fight one of these
see if these guys are any easier is
avoidance
11 84 hp
um
[Music]
okay that's one down
now let's resist it
[Music]
um that says it's not resisted
[Applause]
oh don't all right well
i'll use a mini bag see what it does
okay treasure come to me
okay good what did we think of
something we thought of a thing
i think i should like avoid the enemies
around here
jump the poonie i'm pretty sure we can
still take on
at least blue and green ponies
okay let's uh let's finish up this mini
bag
use it on the green
[Music]
[Applause]
is water i'm assuming yeah
always good to have water
[Music]
was it saying i can't get around there
is this really blocked off do i really
need to go back around that way
well that was pointless
all right well
let's go back over here
[Music]
oh really
okay if i go along here
there is a road going over this way
what is that
wait can i really not get around
let me look on the world map
i'll have to go up north up around north
to do it
[Music]
okay
how far around do i have to go to get
around there
what is this is this a new thing
[Music]
no oh there's a bunny though i need your
fur
we can toy around with them
[Music]
maybe i should use an item on these guys
just to speed it up a bit and you can
finish them off
and go ahead and use a new bag
[Music]
got one more rabbit fur now where is
this
i guess we have to go south
[Music]
and that's around
i'm getting a little tired this way
keep an eye out for a camp spot
[Music]
oh i can't fish you don't possess
anything that can be used okay
can't fish right yet
bridge
it started right there's a camp spot
it's cold it feels nice
all right let's clear you out get those
items
and then do some alchemy
[Music]
let's do guard break on when you see
what happens
[Applause]
not a whole lot
[Music]
okay you attack the one that has three
hp left
and you attack the one that has 22 hp
left and has a broken guard
[Music]
[Applause]
multicolored pony balls what do i see
over there i see a thingy
[Music]
ah there we go
honey well that was disappointing but
okay
oh wait we need to pickaxe
[Music]
flowy sand i need to make sure it
doesn't blow away in the wind
[Music]
it's hard to see at a distance which
rocks i can break and not
[Music]
all right well let's we're down to 36
[Applause]
morning lp and back to the outlier to do
some alchemy
[Music]
all right now can i make that i spawn
[Applause]
um let's see
oh i can make this it's a level 15 with
the shards
that's interesting i can make one of
those but
i don't have what's his name in my party
right now
i already have one of those
[Music]
hmm
i wonder what material should i use
if is this okay
[Music]
i don't quite i can't quite get it there
i need i need more tona crystals that
are
that are high number there
and then i can make that other the other
aspect of it whatever
[Music]
i haven't made any of these
is
[Music]
let's see if we use that we get
alchemy component plus 30 if i fill in
those
well it is something we'll use as an
alchemy component
[Music]
so let's see
use that one
set i'm gonna use this one first
[Music]
no um
now that we've done that we get bonus
leveling on all the uh
neutralizers
i need some leather for that um
let's take a look in the encyclopedia
because i want to see
is it an effect no it would be a trait
[Music]
i'm trying to see if um
on that uh what was it
that one that we just made
yeah i'm not sure what that other thing
did
[Music]
wait hmm only have a thousand spots in
the container something to keep in mind
can i not sort these
it doesn't look like i can sort these
just looking for
level stuff hey is higher level it needs
a lot of materials relatively speaking
though
hmm can't make the ice bum
that is level eight what material should
i use
yeah i'll make another one of these
i don't need to use the super high
quality water for this right now
[Music]
now that doesn't give me a lot of xp
that's level eight
i want to make something that's higher
level than that
i guess i can make some more hen of
these little flowers okay
set this goes here material sets
all right it's going well material set
the cereal set this goes here
is this okay
[Music]
getting a lot of xp for that i'm tempted
to make one of these just to get the xp
yeah sure why not i can't always make
another ingot
[Music]
yeah sure we'll use one of those and
quality minus 10. this one interesting
[Music]
um
we're just looking to see if there's
some way we can get more blue out of it
but it doesn't look like it
this is fine
four left all right
i'll make another ingot just so we have
one handy
[Music]
some of that is that alone some of the
hay
[Music]
[Applause]
some hay and zeppel sure why not okay
[Music]
why not is because that has a stupid
shape all right well
[Music]
yeah that's fine it's pretty good
okay and we got alchemy
[Music]
okay i'm not sure how much i like having
to grind
individual materials to be able to do
the things like flip them around
but oh that's what we should do okay
we're at 100 lp
but that's what we should do is we
should grind out the um
no doc because
being able to make a higher quality one
of those which will be easier with more
uh more levels in it will help with that
quest
from that guy but let's take a quick
look at the rippy ideas we have
[Music]
the okay and wild cotton
all right
make five uni bags okay
and trees
blowing up stones and hitting trees feel
satisfying all right
so let's see let's look on the map we
may as well continue moving as we uh
those are going here
so we want to go this way keep an eye
out for
rocks and trees we may as well hit that
tree over there
[Music]
uh-huh
see a chest thing over there on the
other side past the bridge
[Music]
can i break these rocks
what is oh it's on there okay
shouldn't they grab that fish
things that live in water are really
tasty that looked like a seed to me but
okay
that was underwhelming
[Music]
i think i see some rocks up that way
i'll take this
because i need to get some huckery
stones they might be back in those other
crystals
now that i have the pickaxe getting
those would be a lot easier
and maybe it was just a pop-in effect
that i saw up there
well going over this way is some
progress
get to a new area
[Music]
maybe that is over east okay
travelers grove sounds interesting
it looks like our surroundings are
changing again
i wonder what kind of sites we'll see
next
ah this isn't good i can't believe i
messed up
wait could that be
excuse me huh oh you're
that alchemist girl i saw back in
mission
that reminds me i still hadn't
introduced myself my name is ill maria
von leinweber
i'm the greatest alchemy genius of our
day
[Music]
if it's hard to pronounce just call me
ill
okay i got it it's nice to meet you ill
anyway i guess it's my turn my name is
furious
sterliana
ferris and lyanna yep it's nice to meet
you too
so what are you doing here ill
[Music]
i'm kind of stranded i hit a monster and
my staff snapped
i used up all the bombs i brought too it
would be fine if i could synthesize more
but this is the middle of a forest so i
can't that's why i was at a loss about
what to do
i see then would you like to borrow my
atlier
huh is it okay is your atlear nearby
ferris
not quite just hold on a minute i'll put
it up right now
put it up
this was really helpful i didn't realize
there were portable atliers
we all need to help others in need
you're really good at alchemy ill
you fixed your staff before i knew it
you've already made other items
[Music]
that's what i told you earlier i'm a
super amazing genius alchemist
that's right yep anyway i should get
going soon
all right before that here this
it's my thanks for lending me your
atlear i just made it
do whatever you want with it is it
really
thanks don't mention it anyway bye-bye
[Music]
hill huh i hope i can see her again
okay received another mining bomb
[Music]
yeah that rock looked off leaves us now
came up with a new recipe all right
we've been going a little over half an
hour now so
next time i spot a campfire we'll go
ahead and break
and in the meantime let's break these
rocks
oh boy more of those birds and stuff
berries you're new
[Music]
uh i think we're going to
hit you 75 hp level 10.
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
ooh that's annoying glad the second one
missed
[Music]
[Applause]
resisting it
let's coordinate our movement all right
you attack there okay
if i'd known you were gonna not do that
much damage
[Applause]
[Music]
combo huh
they both only have one hp let's
coordinate fine
[Music]
i wanted to see the chain go off
green flower okay but no achievement for
doing the chain that's disappointing
can i see now i can't see a uh
[Music]
there's got to be a
campfire around somewhere right
[Music]
back here maybe
jellyfish thingies
[Music]
here campfire
wow what is this wood arch
i don't want to do now i want a campfire
i see a building over there
i see a campfire
all right
well we got some interesting places to
ask
[Music]
to explore i need to make sure ferris
doesn't catch a cold
[Music]
oh pickaxe works really good against
trees
all right but for right now
let's set up the atlear and save
the atlea my teacher gave me it's a
little empty i want to decorate it with
cute balls or something
all right i should take action without
overthinking i'll ask clear to help me
redecorate
[Music]
you can now use that you're making that
layer making lets you freely customize
the inside of your outlier to use that
you're making press x at the bed and
select all you're making
this is the alley you're making screen
oh i couldn't hear you at all
the cauldron bed desk and container
already placed him cannot be removed
you're free to place objects in the
remaining spaces some objects have
effects on place and will aid various on
our journey
objects can be obtained through various
means to search various places
okay all right well let's
just see if there's anything real quick
oh i can make the smart mallet and the
dancing plant awesome awesome
[Music]
um where was it that
it wasn't it wasn't there
[Music]
no i forgot to look and see where i do
the outlet you're making
where did it say i did that
go to the bed okay
time to start remodeling
[Music]
he felt bad he felt dusty [__] cauldron
[Applause]
okay
okay time to start remodeling
well whatever
[Music]
uh put away all right well um
if we come up with something that goes
in one of those spots we'll do that for
right now
i hope you enjoy thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play at lear
ferris my name is karsten it's been a
number of days since i recorded
but i have a new computer so hopefully
we won't have those audio drop problems
that we've been having before
uh hopefully also the recording setup is
set up so that'll actually work
took a couple days for me to get it all
set up and i'm hoping i'm going to be
able to get this in without any gaps
that there might be a day gap we'll see
how long it takes youtube to process
things
in any case let's see what did we have
next to do
did we have
we wanted to see if we could get better
medicine
[Music]
and let's take a look at our recipe
ideas i probably should have watched the
previous episode to refresh my memory
it's been a few days
gathered gems made more cloth and
gathered cotton
gathered more crystals made more unibags
need ingots okay what should i make
[Applause]
let's uh see if i can make
a better no doc now
the no doc that we needed to make for
that quest
[Music]
you need hp recovery m
and hp heal
now if we look at items
does it tell us hmm
i think we need to get to the third
level on green and i'm not sure
on the other
well let's make it one or two and see
what we get
[Applause]
[Music]
well this will be good
let's see
let's use one of those
[Music]
okay we have some green there so let's
uh
[Music]
put that in and see what happens with
red and blue
and
these nectar fruit that we got that's
individually wrapped that wasn't what i
wanted
[Music]
it wasn't what i was aiming for do we
have any of these that are yellow
doesn't look like it
[Music]
is
i'm kind of surprised that isn't giving
more
okay
let's uh try that alchemy component one
and see what happens
oh that one's blue and green that might
be one thing that's throwing it off
where was that that one's blue and green
if we change that to just
a green one
[Music]
what happens if we try
hmm somebody yellow one
rounded corners now
[Music]
let's go with
is this okay is this okay
[Music]
now let's just go with our original plan
i'm still not 100 certain what that
alchemy component thing does
but let's give a try of that
[Music]
[Applause]
actually let's see forget what that
other one did
[Music]
okay it does make it count more
material set is this okay so we got i
think we got
everything we need for this
[Music]
hp recovery m
all right didn't get a lot of xp for it
but that'll be what we need for the
quest we just have to remember it
[Applause]
and this we still don't have any leather
sapping water
dancing plant they're all coming a
little too low
all right let's just go with this for
now
let's do a little bit of exploring
continue on the path see if i remember
oh yeah we were going on to the next
area
and i was trying to avoid doing anything
because i was trying to find a safe
point
yeah let's beat up a mushroom
[Music]
these things are annoyingly tough
it's 34 hit points okay that one took
out one of them finally
[Music]
seems a waste to use these
know me as well
[Music]
why were you hunched over you still have
like half your hip points
are you hurt no
all right let's take a look over here
there's a person
yes looking for a new to make medicine
they should be located in this area
okay so we need to find some unu
[Music]
maybe it's out of the way shore known as
picked up okay
well let's start looking for gathering
spots
[Music]
[Applause]
hello hello what a beautiful lady i
wonder what she does
she didn't look like an adventurer huh
there's something on the ground is this
a book could it belong to that lady
[Applause]
excuse me miss please wait
huh oh you're from before um this book
did you drop it
hi that's wait oh dear oh it seems i did
drop it
thank you you're very kind it's planning
to read this later on and
huh wait oh no this is
is something wrong it's forbidden to
remove this book from my workplace
it seems i took it without noticing that
forbidden are you sure it's going to be
all right
it's not going to be all right imagine
if i lost it how much they would have
schooled
me i'm so grateful you picked it up for
me if you wouldn't mind may i have your
name
oh sure my name is ferris i'm a
traveling alchemist
my you're a traveler also um i am
annalise please call me anne
[Music]
so you're a traveler fierce if you don't
mind i would love to hear more about
your journey but
unfortunately i don't have time at the
moment please tell me about it next time
until we meet again
and huh she seems serious but also a
little strange
the outfits in these games are always so
interesting
let's see what's over this way
i'll take this anthony actually uses a
lot of plants
more plants oh hey i need to fight
rabbits for those
soft tails and stuff don't i uh
let's use a bomb for these guys
i can only get two of them still
that'll help out
you are starting to hurt speaking of
which
i think we'll use thousand shots since
there are three of them
probably use a healing item too
[Music]
you can't eat this
an egg huh i wonder when i can
oh hello i wonder when i can learn to
fish i want to learn to fish
adventures
[Music]
so what are these new things that i've
picked up
can you okay that's what they look like
tall tans
need more of the yunyu though
[Music]
eggs eggs
what did i think up a new recipe okay
did the oh there's a cave over there
i should check out that cave it's all
white everywhere
i need to be careful not to get lost oh
it's foggy too lovely
wow it's dark i'll take this wish caves
had mini maps
such flowy sand i need to make sure it
doesn't blow away in the wind
i'll take this
let's see don't want to fight you right
now
or you
[Music]
or you no idea all right just one of
them i can deal with that
[Music]
let's see we'll we'll use a unibag
see if we can just get this over with
yup
now we can go even further
let's look over here and i wish these
places had maps i'm going to be getting
so
lost in caves
what could be for lunch about those
suspicious yellow potatoes we just
picked up
if we could get like escape ropes or
something that would be good
[Music]
um
need to find what i need to do to break
through these
yeah that doesn't do anything
[Music]
can you not take up the whole middle of
the hall
[Music]
is this the way out or is this some
place i have okay that is the way out
okay
fairly straightforward cave then at
least until i can break those big silver
rocks
[Music]
now if i can get more of those in you
things i can get that question
all right there was three of them how
many did i need for that quest
oh just one i thought it was like three
or something for some reason
all right well we can give you one of
those
i don't want to fight you guys while i'm
tired
this is interesting
[Music]
yes yes we have some menu
we'll give you that one is this okay oh
my
it's quite a strange plant but it's all
the more effective for it thanks for
running out of your way to get it you
really helped me out
and what do i get for that
[Music]
300 coil and 10 idea points all right
let's keep an eye out for another
camping
spot
[Music]
okay he found some service finding
easy for me
[Music]
fog is really annoying frog ferris
don't leave my side understand
i think i see a camping spot up there
maybe
uh no we'll just stop gathering
yep no that is not a camping spot that
is just a plant
closed captioning not
[Music]
[Applause]
foggy here it available like but do we
have a camping spot
i see signs of civilization
yes can you please go find one piece of
cloth and bring it here in a hurry
thanks
yes yes we have a cloth we have a few
cloth
you can have one of those oh
water inspector huh got a rear fish just
now couldn't let it go
doing research on the water here with a
cloth and some sand i can filter it to
make clean water
and then compare the water qualities but
unfortunately i can only filter a little
bit of water at a time
if only there were a way to prepare lots
of clean water more easily
[Music]
gee i wonder
about 600 coal that'll be helpful and
how to make pure water
so it's not a quest or just a uh i think
it's just a
idea this time
okay so is it ahead this way or i had
the other way
i think it's probably a head the other
way
[Music]
oh no it is right there okay let's go to
this time
[Music]
wow what a big town
you're right this is flu's home one of
the most prominent cities in the area
it's located on the shores of the lake
we can't reach reisenberg unless we
board a ship here and cross the lake
wait a ship i've only read about chips
and books
i'm really looking forward to that
that's perfect
but hey how are things for you
no good at all my business is doomed at
this rate
same we really need to be able to get
through there
i heard that this wasn't always lively
prosperous town
it seems like everyone's really gloomy
could there be some sort of problem
[Music]
there's no point in standing around
wondering since we're here
let's take a look around okay right we
might figure something out while doing
that too
let's go
[Music]
all right new town oh what's going on
here
[Music]
huh it's hell hey oh fears
are you trying to board a ship too yeah
that's right but you don't seem like
you're in a good mood el
obviously anyone would be in a bad mood
if they were told something ridiculous
like that
just thinking about it as annoying me
what was with that sailor
there's not much use in shouting at you
about it
what happened to make you so mad and
something about a sailor
i don't have to tell you i'm sure you'll
find out for yourself real soon
i'm tired i'll just go sleep at the end
see you later
[Music]
phil was really angry what on earth
could have happened
[Music]
oh what did i think up now a new recipe
actually i should probably go to the end
and rest because that's like let's see
let's see why the town is not very
lively
okay there's where that is
what's this sound
[Music]
is it coming from the shop maybe i'll
take a look inside
[Music]
welcome i've never seen you before are
you a traveler
oh yes my name is older sister
ferris and lyanna got it i'm lodgie a
blacksmith
ah that must mean this is a smithy what
you came in here without knowing i'm
sorry
i was just curious about the sound
coming from the shop
[Music]
sound oh you mean the sound of hammering
you came in here because you were
curious about the sound
you're pretty interesting ferris oh i'm
a little embarrassed
[Music]
well this must be some sort of fate
since you're here why not take a look at
our merchandise
i'm confident about the quality i'm sure
it'll help you on your travels
[Music]
all right let's look around here barrel
yeah another barrel anything else i can
look at here
so i don't want to talk to him right now
[Music]
[Applause]
that's just a barrel
[Music]
all right i'll talk to you i resupplied
the items i was short on go ahead and
buy them again
this is my first time talking to you
what are you gonna buy um
[Music]
oh there's rabbit fur
treasure box
it's an object okay
[Music]
all right well hold off on buying
anything from him right now though
i actually want to try to find an n and
stay there and see what happens when we
stay at an end
uh see
that's a bistro
wait is it maybe back and it didn't show
me because i get a cutscene as soon as i
entered
oh look at that there's more stuff
around here
what's this
[Applause]
hey is that him she went into that
building okay well i'm here i'll check
it out
very well then please put that book in
storage room number two oh
my fierce i didn't know you're
influencing thank you very much for the
other day
i'm so happy to see you again and me too
by the way what's this place
this is the observation institute it's a
storehouse of knowledge full of every
conceivable piece of information
storehouse of knowledge i'm sorry i was
making it sound grander than it is
um so you see you can submit information
you found about items recipes landmarks
and more at the observation institute
well that's interesting submit
information talk to the librarian in the
institute
when the information you submit reaches
certain levels you'll be rewarded with
items and call oh that's cool
you can find institutes in major towns
you should drop by whenever you have the
chance to submit information
well if i'm going to be getting items i
should like clear out my
basket first i see
you know so much and you come here a lot
then no point in hiding it i work here
at the observation institute
what you do yes my job is to urge
travelers to contribute their
information to the observation institute
information and knowledge are important
to everybody with information one can
avoid unnecessary danger
and with knowledge one can lead a more
fruitful life i see
wait but ann didn't you drop a book the
other day he said it was a book from
your workplace
wasn't it filled with important
information and knowledge i'd appreciate
it if you could forget that piece of
information
but anyway if you have any information
fears please consider contributing it to
the institute
i'll be we'll be waiting to hear from
you
all right but we will do that in a
minute
that's not the exit where's the exit
there's the exit these identical doors
and further back this way do we have
another cutscene or do we have
an n or something
maybe i'm supposed to go the other way i
don't know
well he's blocking that door
[Music]
oh we walked all night just to get part
way across the block
let's see that's there
bound to be an end or something
somewhere right let's check over here
well there's several doors over here
i can get to them
[Music]
what's this that's private home
question marks oh that's probably a
an atlear judging by what's sitting
outside
this place is a maze
[Music]
i might just have to go to a uh
um it's here it's a private home
yeah it's a private home just go to a
campfire it's taking so long to get
around here
um
i travel to there yeah all right let's
go further down here
well i'll tell you what we'll continue
looking for the end after dropping our
stuff off and saving because we've been
going for a bit we did encounter a new
town
so
[Music]
oh special nutrients that'll be useful
for stuff to silver
water breezy aroma all those will be
useful
and we will take a look at those next
time hope you're enjoying thanks for
watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play at near
ferris my name is karsten
i'm still not sure at this point if uh
the previous video is going to get up on
time it's going to depend on how fast
youtube processes it but you'll know by
now
in any case we're running kind of low on
lp i'm really hoping we can find
a n or something here because
they said that sometimes scenes happen i
have not looked at any kind of spoilers
so i don't know if there's anything
special here but it's a major town
and i'd like to see if something happens
oh well that looks promising
oh you're here
i can suddenly feeling all this stress
of my travels hit me up was like
oh like i'm suddenly feeling all the
stress of my travels hitting me at once
okay
welcome to flush times number one in
that is 300
but yeah let's go ahead and stay thank
you very much
please go and relax your body and mine
their fish dishes here really are the
best my stomach is full of fish
i could eat this every day and wouldn't
get tired of it i'm looking forward to
[Music]
breakfast
well that fully restored lp that was
convenient
[Music]
because i'm getting old but i can't
think of new recipes so easily anymore
[Music]
now calm down let's snap i've never been
to such a big town
okay all right let's
keep looking for the plot
recipe hints updated huh
yeah sorry but you came at a bad time
outskirts path is that where it came
from or
[Music]
oh that's this is where he came from
gathered it
such flowy sand for the um to make sure
it doesn't blow away in the wind
cut scenes really put me quite away from
where i came in
here while i'm out here
[Music]
all right so presumably that guy
blocking the other door at the other end
of town
is where i need to go for the plot
[Music]
i feel like i'll come up with something
i should be hands updated huh
it's getting hints all over the place
all right
now let's go ahead and jump to there
[Music]
gathered it you need to resist
you can't eat this even
[Music]
wonder why the ships can't set sail the
sailors aren't telling us anything
well i'll make them talk
doesn't look like these are anything
particularly interesting but
he just uh good evening i'll keep
working my best
hello lily what do you have for sale
[Music]
oh yeah and i did look and apparently
the no dock i made doesn't have all the
effects i need
so still not quite good enough
but i learned a lot about making stuff
i'm sure i'll get it eventually
those are some thick clouds i can't even
see the sun
they're moving fast during that
transition too all right let's see
well i could do something about that
storm oh is the uh
storm the reason that we can't do
anything finding
is easy for me yeah no ships are sailing
right now no shoe
harbor's closed off right now get out of
here go on
well
[Music]
guys in trouble but i can't do anything
about it
okay
[Music]
yeah i just have to keep talking to
everyone in town probably
someone will eventually say something
maybe check out that other area in more
detail the ship set sail but it came
back right away i wonder why that is
[Music]
can't even cross a lake what a
disappointment
you